Update README with related projects and improve tar cmd (#5)
hyphacoop/api.distributed.press: README.md

        -F "file=@www.tar.gz"
    ```

>     The website to publish is a `tar.gz` archive created using `tar -czv --dereference --no-same-permissions -f www.tar.gz -C www .` and it may take up to half an hour for all URLs to become available.

Reviewer: `--no-same-permissions` wont work for create, it won't works for extract.
`--dereference` shorthand is `-h` so `-czvhf` can be used

Also note this is default for "ordinary users" (non root)
```
       --no-same-permissions
              Apply the user's umask when extracting permissions from
              the archive (default for ordinary users).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The website to publish is a `tar.gz` archive created using `tar -czv --dereference  -f www.tar.gz -C www .` and it may take up to half an hour for all URLs to become available.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The website to publish is a `tar.gz` archive created using `tar -czhv -f www.tar.gz -C www .` and it may take up to half an hour for all URLs to become available.
```
